Features Assigned to me

Navbar Feature
The Navbar Feature allows for seamless routing between our pages, creating a flexible and responsive web app with multiple avenues for other features to be implemented in the various pages. On the navbar are buttons which link to their respective pages.

This feature is critical for the user experience, as it provides intuitive navigation between the main application pages.

How it Works:
The Homepage acts as the central hub, where the user can navigate to the following pages:
Profile Page: Displays user information and activity.
Application Info Page: Shows details for each tracked job application.
Login/Create Account Page: Currently represented as a blank button, as login functionality has not been implemented yet.
The navigation bar is styled consistently across all pages, with responsive and accessible buttons.

Navbar Tasks:
Navbar Implementation

Create and code the navbar structure in HTML.
Link the buttons to their respective pages.
Styling the Navbar

Ensure the navbar is visually consistent across pages.
Apply CSS styling for a modern and responsive design.
Responsive Design

Use media queries to ensure the navbar adapts to different screen sizes (e.g., mobile, tablet, desktop).
Routing Between Pages

Implement routing using <a> links or button click handlers to navigate between pages.
Test each button to ensure it routes to the correct page.


Mermaid Graph Representation for Navbar
Graph TD
  A[Homepage] --> B[Profile Page]
  A --> C[Application Info Page]
  A --> D[Login/Create Account Page (Blank Button due to login not being made yet)]

Application Information Form
When a user tracks a new application, the user is prompted to enter information about the company, position, etc. This information will be stored in the database and retrieved when the user double clicks on the application name on the homepage. The information will be displayed on the application information page.

Assigned to: Macy Graves, Krish Sharma
Points: 5

Linked Features to IndexedDB
Linked Name Input to IndexedDB

The name input functionality was linked to IndexedDB for persistence, allowing the name to remain across sessions.
Assigned to: Mohammad Kiyani, Krish Sharma
Points: 1
Linked Resume and Cover Letter Upload to IndexedDB

The resume and cover letter upload functionality was linked to the IndexedDB, allowing these files to be stored and retrieved persistently across sessions.
Assigned to: Mohammad Kiyani, Krish Sharma
Points: 2 (1 point for each)
Linked Profile Pic Upload to IndexedDB

The profile picture upload feature was linked to the IndexedDB, enabling the uploaded picture to be saved and persist across sessions.
Assigned to: Krish Sharma
Points: 1
Edit Application in Database
Users can edit an existing application's information in the IndexedDB database, such as updating the company name, position, or status. This feature ensures the application details remain accurate and up-to-date.

Assigned to: Krish Sharma
Points: 4

CSS Styling for Profile Page
Updated the CSS for the profile page to align with the overall website design, ensuring consistency in navigation bar, layout, and color scheme.

Assigned to: Krish Sharma, Mohammad Kiyani
Points: 2


